# Operating-Systems-and-Platforms
•	Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
o	The client, The Gaming room is asking for a web-based multi-platform game based off their original Android app game known as “Draw It or Lose It”. The game consists of four one-minute rounds of one or more multi-player teams. Each team must guess an image that is being drawn. Each image takes 30 seconds to be completed and is pulled from a library of stock images. Players will have unique IDs to ensure there is only one instance of the game at a time.
•	What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
o	In this document, I excelled at breaking down the domain model in detail that is easy for non-technical readers to understand. This breakdown explains each class in our UML diagram, which is a visual representation of the programming behind the game.
•	What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
o	When developing the code, the domain model is the most useful piece of a design document. This domain model details a UML diagram which is essentially the blueprint of the code. When developing code, it helps to visualize the result and is a good reminder for exactly what needs to be accomplished within our code.
•	If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
o	If I had to revise a section of this document, it would be the Evaluation section. The comparisons are a bit messy, and it would have been more efficient to have a comparison for each bullet point as opposed to random slightly disorganized bullet points.
•	How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
o	The users’ needs were interpreted by appreciating the clients visualized end product. Having a pre-existing android app was a useful advantage, and helped to keep the software design on track. It is important to understand a users’ needs as the user needs a software developer because they need help completing the project. If they need help, they might not understand all of the considerations that need to go in place on the programming end. It is extremely helpful to consider all aspects of a clients demands, and to fill in some blanks that might not be understood as a current need.
•	How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
o	I designed the software using object-oriented programming to help with the games portability in java-based language. Client-server patterns were employed to help with portability and scalability by keeping server components simple. In the future I will continue using this approach as it helps to keep the program organized, readable, and portable, all while ensuring speed.

